[MUSIC].
So, at this point in the class, we've
introduced you to CodeSkulptor, and we've
shown you a little bit of Python.
However, we haven't shown you how to save
anything.
So, if every time you go back to
CodeSkulptor, you have to retype in your
work, that's going to get really tedious,
really fast.
So, today, we're going to talk about
saving things and how to get them back
into CodeSkulptor.
Okay.
Let's head over to CodeSkulptor.
Here we are.
And for the purposes of today, I don't
want to use the example program.
Instead I just want to type my own.
[SOUND] It's my first program.
Print, hello.
Right?
I've got this fantastic program.
I run it.
Does what I expect.
Now I want to save it because I'm happy
with it.
Well, how do I do that?
You can see up here in the control par-,
part of the application that there is an
icon with a disk.
And that is the Save button.
I pushed it.
Looks like nothing happened.
Well, actually, something did happen.
The address in the address bar is
changed.
And if you look up here, you can see that
now at the end of the URL, is this
hashtag and its filename.
This filename was randomly generated for
you.
This now names your file in the Cloud.
When you push the Save button, your file
is sent off to the Cloud.
A new randomly generated filename is, is
created for you, and it is part of the
URL.
So, this URL will now, and until the end
of the class, name your file.
Okay?
So what does that mean?
It means I can copy this URL.
I can create a new tab.
I can paste it.
Let's load this.
And, hey, we got our program back.
Okay?
So, if I lose my program, say, we go back
to CodeSkulptor it's gone.
All right.
Well, it's not really gone, okay?
I can paste this back.
However, that filename was randomly
generated.
We don't know what it is.
So, only you know what it is.
You need to keep track of it.
If you lose it, it's gone.
All right?
So, how can I keep track of it?
Well, there are several ways.
Okay.
One, you could bookmark it.
Two, you could look in the history of
your browser.
Three, you could copy it and save it into
a file on your computer.
Four, you could email it to yourself.
And I'm sure there are many other ways
that you could come up with to keep track
of your filenames.
All right?
So, you should do whatever you find most
comfortable but you absolutely need to
save these filenames.
Okay?
And I'm going to show you on Chrome,
there's this little star button over
here.
I can push that and it will put a
bookmark.
So, I'm going to call it hello program.
I'm going to put it in the bookmarks bar,
say done.
And here it the/g, here it is.
It shows up on the bookmarks bar.
If you don't have a bookmarks bar, you
should go through the menus, I'm sure you
can find it.
Okay?
And when I push this and it doesn't
matter where I am.
Let's open up a new tab.
I push this and all of a sudden my
program comes back.
Okay?
So, it is critically important that you
keep track of these URL's, so that you
can get your files back.
I don't want to go through all the
possible ways that you can manage your
bookmarks.
You can use Google to find out about
that.
All right?
But make sure that you do so.
Okay.
So, you've written your very important
program and you've saved it to the Cloud
and we push the, the Save button.
We are very comfortable that our file has
been saved but to be really cautious, we
should download it to our local computer
as well.
You really want a copy for yourself, not
just relying on the Cloud.
Okay?
You could lose the URL, you could lose
something else.
And downloading, okay, by pushing
Download button right here, gets the file
that you most recently saved to the Cloud
and it brings it back to your local
computer.
Okay.
So, this button is only going to be
active right after you hit the Save
button.
Now, your web browser recognizes that
this is a Python program, and so it gives
you a warning, Hey, this program could
run and harm your computer.
Well, it's a program that you wrote, it's
not going to harm your computer, so you
can ignore this and keep it.
All right?
We've now downloaded our program.
Okay.
We can actually open the Downloads folder
and here we go.
You can see that I have two files that
I've downloaded in the past.
All right?
And I can actually open them and you can
look at it in Notepad and here is my
program.
So, now I have some extra security.
And we strongly recommend that after you
get a working program or after you're
done working in a particular session,
that you both bookmark the file and you
download it to your local machine.
Now, saving your files is only useful if
you can actually get them back.
So, if you copy the URL, either into your
own file or just copied it, you can paste
it back into the address bar and get your
file back.
If you bookmarked your URL, then you can
get it back, by using the bookmarks.
Okay?
If you forgot to bookmark, you can
actually use your History in Chrome.
That's Ctrl+H.
And you can see all these exciting
Codes-, CodeSkulptor files I've worked
on.
Right.
You push this.
You can get something back.
hey that's not the one I wanted.
I can keep searching.
Hey, here's another one okay.
Okay.
And you can probably find pretty much
everything you've done in your History,
all right?
Now, what if I downloaded the file
locally?
Okay, so here I am at CodeSkulptor, and I
had previously downloaded my file.
That's where this Open Local button
comes.
If I use the open button, I can navigate
through my hard drive.
I can find the file that I care about.
And I can open it, and here it is.
Okay?
So, you can use one of these mechanisms
to retrieve the files that you've saved,
depending on how you decided to actually
save it.
Now, it's never going to be the case that
you type your program in one shot, you're
done, you save it, and you submit it,
okay?
Programming is an incremental process.
So, here I wrote my program, I said,
print hello.
I said, oh wait, I was trying to write,
hello world.
Okay.
I'm on, hey much better.
I Save that.
wait a minute.
I like exclamation points.
There's not enough of them.
All right, let's Save that.
Oh, wait.
Let me run that again.
No, that's not really what I wanted.
I wanted this.
Okay?
And you keep going,okay?
Eventually, you get to something that
you're happy with.
You say, okay, this is the program I
want.
You go off and submit it or whatever,
okay?
I want you to notice, though, while
you're doing that, if you keep saving,
that the name of your file basically
stays the same, except this version
number at the end, increments.
It started out at zero, then it went to
one, two, three, four, and this is
somewhat convenient.
You can actually go back in time while
you're working in a session, you keep
saving.
You say, oh, I screwed up and I overwrote
things.
You can just, even if you didn't bookmark
them, you can change that number and say,
oh, I really meant to use that program
one back.
And hey, it goes back to my program with
all the exclamation points.
Okay, so the version number you might
find that relatively convenient way of
going back in time and looking at
previous versions while you've been
sitting there working.
Okay, as you can see, I've been working
hard on my hello world program here.
And I finally got it the way I want it
and I'm ready to submit it to Coursera,
to send it to all my friends and family,
and basically show off my, that coolness
of all of my work, all right?
You can just use the URL that you have
here and that's perfectly fine.
But you'll notice hey, this is the lucky
number 13 version of my, my file and
maybe I don't want people to be able to
look back through the history, and see
what happened in version number 6, okay?
So, we added a little suitcase button.
When you push the suitcase button, it
generates a new filename for you.
So, it does everything that the save
button does, it just doesn't have a
version number.
Now, if you'd like, you can use this to
submit to Coursera, you can use this to
send to your friends and family and they
can't see all the versions.
There's nothing wrong with the version
numbers, this is just your choice.
There's one final thing I want to call
you attention to.
And that is the prefix of the filename
right here, okay?
Now, you can see that it's user1 here,
but if you go to CodeSkulptor right now
and save, I guarantee you that it's not
going to be user1.
So, you guys are going to generate
hundreds of thousands of files a week and
this prefix helps us keep those files
manageable, all right?
So, we change this every once in a while.
We will change it in time, at times that
are not so disruptive, but do be aware
that that could change, okay?
And if it changes your version numbers
will just keep incrementing.
So, you, here I have User 1, Version 3.
If I hit Save and we had changed that to
User 2, it would go to User 2 Version 4,
okay?
Another thing I want to call your
attention to is the dashes in the
filename.
They might be dashes, they might
underbars, okay.
Don't worry about that, that's not a big
deal.
So, we've now shown you that using
CodeSkulptor, you can save your files to
the cloud, and then you can download them
back to your local hard drive.
You need to do this early and often,
okay?
As you're working, make sure that you
save, all right?
And when you're done working, either
because you finished your program or
you're tired of working at the computer
for now and you're going to walk away,
make sure at that point you bookmark and
you download the file to your local
computer.
This will make sure that you can always
get it back.
Remember, we cannot recover those URLs
for you.
If you lose the URL, we don't know it's
yours, we can't find it, we can't get it
back.
If you keep the URL, however, you can get
it back.
And you can use that URL to submit it to
Coursera.
You can use that URL to send to your
friends.
Marvel at the wonderful work that you've
been doing in this class and generally
enjoy yourself.
Okay?
We promise that we will save all these
files in the Cloud throughout the class.
All right?
But it's your responsibility to track the
URL's.
With that, I hope you have a lot of fun
in this class.